hey guys so we're it's time here to put
the gate cj5 by some song to the test a
que the poor man's s6 but you know at
the end of the day it's giving you a
very similar kind of experience to the
s6 in general days use but how can it
compare when it comes to the GTA we can
check it out here we are running so I
drove a 410 with the Adreno 306 I think
it is 1.5 gigs of ram as well which is
neither here or there
really I'm not going to go too hard on
it at first as you can see everything's
on about low but we will bump it up if
it can manage that
so quite nice and quick to load the game
love this slow with all these cars here
come on Cathy core
they conceived here very nice in truth
when it comes to me slow and kind of
ratchet
even when the action was going on
so let's just try and bump up the
graphics a little bit here probably
asking for trouble but we can try it
said okay here this is probably a little
bit lightly playable if you like things
and slow motion so personally I like
smooth
I like s6 smooth so many go back down to
the low
so very playable here on the oh dear
on the j5c very decent weight comes to
the lower settings but a little bit
constrained with the Adreno here
Holcombe definitely needs to do better
for its kind of lower end handsets I
think but yeah just a quick video here
hope you enjoy and I will see you in the
next one Cheers